add note about how you dont need custom checkpointer (#117)
langchain-ai/docs: src/langgraph-platform/langgraph-basics/3-add-memory.mdx

We will see later that **checkpointing** is _much_ more powerful than simple chat memory - it lets you save and resume complex state at any time for error recovery, human-in-the-loop workflows, time travel interactions, and more. But first, let's add checkpointing to enable multi-turn conversations.

<Note>

>   **For LangGraph Platform deployments**: When you deploy your graph to LangGraph Platform, checkpointing and memory are provided automatically - you don't need to configure a checkpointer. This tutorial shows local development setup; when deploying, you can remove the checkpointer configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're [deploying your graph to LangGraph Platform](/langgraph-platform/deployment-options), you do not need to set up a checkpointer manually—checkpointing and memory are handled for you automatically.

This tutorial focuses on local development, where you do need to configure a checkpointer. When you're ready to deploy, remove this checkpointer configuration.
```
